- I met requirements of making a cookie clicker website by including a cookie counter button which counts how many cookies the user wants when they click the click me! button. I created a warm and cosy website design creating warm light and dark tones of the darker buttons and text against the lighter background which creates the cookie clicker game theme. Every time the user refreshes the web page the cookie clicker counter button goes back down to 0 so there's no need for a stop button. I included an upgrades section fetching data information from an API so all developers can easily access and update website developments. I made upgrade buttons users can click to receive a certain amount of cookies for each upgrade they click on. I implemented event listeners to handle user interactions such as using the cookie clicker button to count the amount of cookies they want by clicking the cookie clicker button and upgrades buttons for users to click if they want to receive upgrades and therefore receive more cookies if they use the upgrades. I used event listeners to allow users to use their local storage to save and restore their cookie count and relevant game information. When users leave the page, the cookie count is automatically saved. I also hid the upgrade buttons from the user until the user clicks the cookie clicker button, the game then starts and users can start clicking for more cookies, the upgrade buttons are then displayed to the user below the cookie clicker button showing how many cookies the user needs before they can use the upgrades, the upgrade buttons are not able to be used by the user until the user has reached a certain amount of cookies which then makes them eligible to click the upgrade button and receive the upgrade to increase their cookie count. However, because users have not purchased the upgrades yet it is not fully functional.
- Some requirements I was unable to achieve was making all of the upgrade buttons functional and making the upgrades into a shop with a purchasing function, those would be future development goals for my website. I would like feedback about this please.
